Hello everyone, in today's video we are going to discuss
about ICC Lord's Health Advantage Plan. Watch the video till the end
because
in this video I have compared the plan's eligibility criteria,
basic features, optional riders, discounts,
waiting periods and at the end the premium of the plan.
If you
watch this entire video, I
guarantee you that
all your doubts related to Health Advantage will be cleared.
So before starting the video,
I am Soni Chauhan, your financial
advisor, Policy Hub's
youtube1. The entry age of adults under the plan is
18 years to maximum 65 years.
If we talk about children, they can be covered along
with their parents on a floater basis from 91 days to maximum
24 years.
You can take the Health Advantage Plan
on an individual basis and
also on a family floater basis.
If I talk about the policy tenure, then
in the Health Advantage Plan, you can pay one year, two year
and three year premium at one  You
can pay together. If I talk about the cover type, then
under this plan you can
cover maximum two kids along with husband and wife on a floater basis.
If I talk about sum insured, then
sum insured from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 3 crore
is available under the Health Advantage plan. The customer can take it according to his need.
If we talk about the basic features of Health Advantage, then inpatient
hospitalization is now covered under the plan, that is,
if a person is admitted to the
hospital for 24 hours or more, then
whatever
expenses he incurs during that time, whether it is his room rent,
ICU charges, nursing fees, medical expenses
or expenses of tests etc.,
all these expenses are
covered up to your sum insured. If I
talk about room rent, then if the sum insured is Rs 20 lakh or
less, then the company provides you a single
private AC room and if it is about Rs
20 lakh, then the company provides you actual cost
cover.  It does, that is, there is no restriction of any kind
regarding room rent.
If I
talk about ICU charges, then there is no limitation on ICU charges under the Health Advantage plan.
Whatever expenses there are, the company will cover up to the sum
in short. Day care treatment.
In today's time, technology has become so advanced
that there are some surgeries for which we do
not need to be hospitalized for 24 hours, that is,
those surgeries are completed in less than 24 hours,
like if you have a
cataract or a stone, then all these
surgeries are covered up to the sum in short under the Health Advantage plan.
If I
talk about pre and post hospitalization, then
in the Health Advantage plan, the company provides
you pre-hospitalization for 60 days and post-hospitalization for 180 days, that is,
medical expenses before admission and
medical expenses after discharge, be it the
cost of your medicine, doctor's
consultation fee or your test
expenses.  All these expenses will be
covered in your pre and post hospitalization. If I
talk about organ donor, then there is no restriction of
any kind regarding organ donor in the Health Advantage Plan.
Whatever expenses are incurred, the
company will cover your sum in short. Next
is your domicile hospitalization, that is, if the
patient's condition is not such that he should be taken to the
hospital or if a
bed is not available in the hospital, then in that case the
patient can also get his treatment at home under the
supervision of an MBBS doctor, but there is
a condition in this that it is compulsory for the person to get treatment for a minimum of 72
hours. If he gets
treatment for 72 hours or more
at home, then the company will cover his entire cost up
to sum in short. Home care
treatment:
You can also get treatment at home in case of home care treatment. Even if there is a 24-hour
treatment, the company will
cover its entire cost. Under the Health Advantage
Plan, the company covers your 5 per sum
insured and maximum cost of 1 lakh
in case of home care treatment.
If I talk about road ambulance  So if
you go to a non-panel hospital, the
company provides you 1 per sum in-shot and a
road ambulance up to a maximum of Rs. 10,000.
And if you go to a panel hospital, the
company will cover the actual cost
of the ambulance. If I
talk about air ambulance, then
in the case of air ambulance also there is
no limitation of any kind in the Health Advantage plan. Whatever the
cost, the company will cover your sum in-shot.
If I talk about AYUSH treatment,
all your treatments like Ayurvedic, Unani Siddha or Homeopathy are covered under this plan,
but the condition is
that you have to take treatment for a minimum of 24 hours, only then the
company will
provide you coverage of sum in-shot in the case of AYUSH treatment.
If I talk about modern treatment, then in the
Health Advantage plan, the
company also covers the cost of all robotic surgeries or modern treatments.
Next is
your reset benefit, which we
also know as recharge benefit or reston.
If your base  If the sum insured gets exhausted due to some illness
and the
same person or another person needs it again in the same time period, then the
company
provides a repeat claim equal to the base sum insured,
which we call reset benefit.
Under the Health Advantage Plan, if a
person has taken a sum insured of Rs 5 lakh or Rs 7.5 lakh, then
in that case the company provides a single time
reston, whereas if the
sum insured is Rs 10 lakh or above Rs 10 lakh, then
in that case the company provides you unlimited time
reston, that is, if I have to be
hospitalized 10 times in a year
and I have to claim 10 times, then the company will
give me a repeat claim equal to my base sum insured. Next is your
guaranteed cumulative bonus, that is, in a claim-free
year, the company provides you a bonus of 20% of the base sum insured,
which
increases up to a maximum of 100%, but
its bonus is unique compared to other companies.
Because once you receive a bonus under this plan, even if
you make a claim in the future,
your bonus will not be reduced;
it will be fixed for life. For
example, if someone takes a ₹5 lakh insurance and has
no claims for 5 years, the ₹
5 lakh policy will increase by ₹20 lakh every year, up to a
maximum of 100%. This means that the ₹5 lakh
policy will become ₹10 lakh after 5 years,
and this ₹10 lakh will become the customer's fixed coverage,
never going down. The
company also covers the expense of animal venereal vaccinations
up to ₹10,000. For
health checkups,
you
can also avail of a yearly health checkup benefit under this plan, with a minimum cost of ₹
0.5 lakh and a maximum
cost of ₹10,000. You
can also avail unlimited teleconsultation benefits under this plan.
Next is your convenience.  Benefit:
If a person is continuously hospitalized for 10 days or
more, the
company
pays you a lump sum amount of up to Rs 20,000. The Health
Advantage plan
also provides worldwide coverage.
If a person has a sum assured of Rs 25 lakh or
more, they can go out of
India for treatment.
Under the Health Advantage plan, the company will provide coverage for up to Rs 5 lakh each for inpatient treatment of a
surrogate mother and an O-side donor.
This benefit is available
only under the Health Advantage plan. There is
no such plan in the market that provides coverage for the case of a surrogate mother and O-side
owner. This is
a very unique benefit that
you get under the Health Advantage plan.
Next is your wellness and value-added
services. In this, if you get tests done from a panel lab,
etc. or take consultation, then you
get them here at a discounted rate,
so these were some of our basic features,
now we will talk about the optional covers of the plan.
Talking about optional covers, the
company has
provided you many optional riders in the Health Advantage Plan,
which the customer can
take according to his need and can totally modify his plan. The
first optional rider of the Health Advantage Plan is your
maternity benefit, in which the company covers you 10%
off on san shot and maternity expenses up to a maximum of Rs 1 lakh,
but there is
a condition in this that if the person
is in the age bracket of 18 years to 45 years, then only
that person can add this optional rider in his policy.
The second optional rider is
your new born baby cover, in this the company provides
you this coverage
in case of new born baby along with maternity cover,
vaccination cover for new born baby in the
first year, that is, by taking this optional rider
you can take care of your baby's health.  Vaccination expenses can
also be covered, in which the company covers you
1 per sum shot and a maximum
vaccination expense of Rs. 10,000. The fifth
optional rider is your critical illness
rider. In this, if a person is diagnosed with
any of the listed critical illnesses, the
company pays him a sum
amount, whichever sum in the customer had
opted for. Under this plan, the
company provides you a sum in shot option of up to Rs. 50 lakh,
which the customer can take according to his need. To
take the critical illness rider, the maximum
age required is up to 50, that is, only those people who are 50 years old or
below 50 years can
take the critical illness rider. The
fifth optional rider is your personal
accident. You can
also take coverage for personal accident under the Health Advantage Plan.
In this, the company covers your death, permanent total disability,
permanent partial disability. Under
this plan, the
company gives you a sum in shot option of up to Rs. 50 lakh.  The company is providing sum in-shot up to Rs. 1 lakh,
which the customer can avail according to his need.
If I
talk about the age criteria, then to
avail personal accident cover, the age should be between 18 years to
maximum 65 years, only then the
company will provide you a personal accident rider. The
next optional rider is
your sum in-shot protector. In this, the
company increases your coverage by the same percentage by which the inflation rate increases. The
seventh optional rider
is your claim protector. In this, the company covers
your non-payable items or what we
also call consumable items like gloves, PP
kit, syringes, etc. The company covers all these expenses.
If you add this rider in your policy, then the
eighth optional
rider is your nursing at home, that is, a
person can also avail nursing facility at home, in
which the company will provide coverage according to your maximum of Rs. 2000 per day. The
next optional rider is your befit
benefit, in which the company covers your OD expenses.  The
company has
divided BEFIT into ABCD, F and G sections
as shown on the screen.
If I talk about coverage, in case of OD, the
company provides coverage for your outpatient consultation,
routine diagnostic cover and minor procedure
cover, pharmacy cover, physiotherapy
section cover, counselling and diet and
nutrition, consultation.
As you can also see on the screen,
how many times you can avail which facility according to ABC days. The
next optional rider is your compassionate
visit, that is, if a person
goes to another state or city for work or travel purposes and
his health deteriorates there and there is a
need for hospitalization,
in that case, if any of his family members is
going to meet him, then
whatever will be the cost of his travel, whatever will be the travel expense, the
company will cover it up to Rs. 20,000. The
last optional rider is your
copayment option, that is, you can
also choose the copayment option within your plan.  You can do this in
which the company provides you a copayment option of 10% and maximum 20%.
If
a person chooses the copayment option in his policy,
then his premium will be reduced
but a condition will be imposed on his claim
that whatever percentage of the claim comes, the
company will settle the claim by reducing it. For
example, if someone has taken a sum assured of Rs 10 lakh
and has kept a copayment of Rs 10% in his policy, then let's suppose
tomorrow
if he gets a claim of Rs 1 lakh, then the
company will deduct Rs 10,000 from the claim of Rs 1 lakh, that is, Rs 10,000 and the
company will settle the claim of Rs 90,000. Now we will talk
about the discounts of Health Advantage, in which the first comes your
discount basis credit score, that is, if a
person's credit score is good, then
in that case, he can avail a discount of up to 15% in his policy.
Second comes your tenure discount.  If a
person has
paid the premium for 3 years together, then he will get a discount of 10% on the second year's premium
and 15% on the third year's premium from the
company. So
these were our discounts, if
I talk about the zone wise, then the company has divided the Health Advantage Plan
into four zones, that is Zone A, Zone B,
Zone C and Zone D. As
you can see on the screen, which
areas are mentioned in which zones,
you can see it on the screen from here.
Now if I talk about waiting periods, then in
this plan your initial waiting
period is 30 days, that is, after 30 days,
whatever seasonal and major disease you have
like dengue, malaria, cancer, heart attack,
paralysis, then all these diseases are
covered in your plan only after 30 days.
Whereas, if I talk about specific disease waiting
period, then the company
imposes a waiting period of two years on you, that is,
those diseases which take time to develop in our body
or which  There is
no requirement of immediate surgery, for
example, stone, cataract, hernia, piles,
hip and joint replacement, so all these
diseases
are covered after 2 years under your Health Advantage plan. If I talk about PD waiting
period, that is, before taking the policy,
if someone has any medical condition
like BP, diabetes or anything, then it
is covered after 2 years under the Health Advantage plan. If I talk about Worldwide cover, then
in case of Worldwide cover also the company
imposes a waiting period of 2 years. If
I talk about maternity coverage, then to claim
maternity also you will have to
serve a waiting period of 2 years. Last
is your BEFit benefit, that is, if you
want to cover OD
under your policy, then there is a waiting period of 30 days under the Health Advantage plan, that is,
after 30 days you can also claim OD benefit.
If I talk about premium, as
you can see on the screen, I have taken the policy at the
age of 35.  The premium for husband, wife and two kids has been
calculated. The
premium you see on the screen is zone wise
category wise and is excluding GST.
So from here you can also compare your premium. So
guys, this was just an overview of one plan. I
hope all your doubts are
cleared related to ICICI Lord's
Health Advance Plan. If
you still have any doubt or any question
arises, you can message in the comment section
and you will
also see our email ID and contact details on the screen.
You can also coordinate with us directly from there.
If you want to take a fresh health
insurance policy or
import your existing policy, then do
not forget to coordinate with the Policy Hub team. We are always here to guide you properly.
And if you find the video informative
or like the video, then like
and
share the video with your family and friends so that
they also keep getting proper information timely. See
you next time.  Thanks in the video